Add some context previously lost during the pickle process (#3572)
urllib3/urllib3: changelog/3567.bugfix.rst

> Various updates to exceptions to save and restore more properties
> during the pickle/serialization process.

Reviewer: Please format the message according to https://github.com/urllib3/urllib3/tree/main/changelog#readme. And it should be a feature rather than a bugfix in the file name.

```suggestion
Updated exceptions to save and restore more properties
during the pickle/serialization process.
```
